hi everybody I'm rockin Robin and today
I'm going to show you how to make spring
rolls now these are super healthy they
make a great appetizer and the reason
they're so healthy is because they're
made with fresh vegetables and of course
you can put anything you want in it so
what I'm going to be putting in mine are
some baby shrimps carrots cucumbers
onions to name a few things and we're
going to serve it up with a nice spicy
peanut sauce so I'll be right back to
show you how to do it
are you ready to go for the ingredients
small here we go let's start so the
first thing I'm going to show you is our
dipping sauce which we'll be making that
first okay so we need some peanut butter
this is sesame seed oil soy sauce some
sugar now in here you can't really see
anything but there is some rice vinegar
in there and we'll need some minced
fresh garlic and some sriracha sauce
which you can also substitute hot chili
sauce if you like so for the rest of our
ingredients we are going to be using
this is called fine rice vermicelli and
it comes in a package I should have had
this up here comes in a package like
this and you get this in the Asian in an
Asian market and basically all you do
with it is you take out the pieces I'm
gonna show you a piece this one looks
like this and it's hard right now and
you just soak it in nice hot water for
about five to ten minutes and it turns
out like this and you just strain out
the water so it's nice and soft and
that's going to go inside of our spring
roll
okay so we'll need some carrot I have
some cucumber here green onion and like
I said I'm going to be putting some
shrimp into mine this is already cooked
now here's what we're going to be
rolling up our spring rolls with this is
rice paper and this is pretty
interesting stuff let me show you a
piece here it feels like plastic and you
see that beautiful pattern on there
that's when they lay the rice out on
bamboo and this is what imprints on the
rice so what we're going to do with this
is simply soak it in water for just a
few minutes just very few and it gets
very soft and pliable and then we'll
fill our spring rolls in this and roll
it up like a burrito now I'm also going
to be using a little bit of cilantro and
some lettuce
now with the lettuce you're going to
probably not want to use the real crispy
part of the romaine this is romaine here
and this part here is pretty crispy and
it might make it difficult to roll your
spring roll plus it might break the rice
paper
covering so a buttered lettuce would be
really nice
anything with a soft leaf and then I'm
also going to be using a little bit of
basil and that's pretty much it
so let's go ahead and start off with the
dipping sauce like I mentioned and so
we're going to place all those
ingredients in my food processor so
first in goes the peanut butter the soy
sauce the sesame seed oil it has a nice
roasted flavor the rice vinegar the
garlic the sugar and I don't know if I
mentioned earlier I'm going to throw in
a little bit of cilantro OOP some of
that garlic there and I'm going to give
a squirt of sriracha sauce you know just
put in as much as you like how much heat
you like does it's more of a trial and
error kind of thing so we'll blend this
up now what I want to do is go in and
scrape this down now right now this
sauce is a little thick and so I may
thin it down a little bit with some
water to get the consistency a little
thinner so you can see right here that
this is really really thick and that
doesn't make for a good dipping sauce
does it so we're going to add a little
water to that and by a little I mean
make probably a tablespoon and we're
just going to work it in until we get
the consistency we want so just keep
stirring it around it's getting there I
think I'm going to add just a little bit
more water and of course if you want it
even thinner that's good but I think
this is a nice consistency here and this
will we'll just set this aside until
we're ready to eat
our spring rolls now that we have our
peanut sauce made now we just need to
chop up and get everything prepared so
it's ready to go into the spring rolls
so let's start off with our onions go
ahead and chop off the root end and a
little bit of the other end and you just
want to dice this up the other option
could would be and I find this easier is
to you know cut this into strips but I
think cutting it and dicing it works
well now for the carrots you have a
couple of different options you can
either peel them or not
I didn't peel this one because it's
Danika and one option is if you have a
peeler like this one it has the ridges
right here I'll show you what how it
works you see how it just makes little
julienne pieces it's really nice they're
nice and small I personally don't like a
big chunk of carrot so this works well
if you don't have this let me do a
couple more swipes it's pretty cool how
that works you just go around rotate
your carrot now if you don't have this
I'll show you what you can do with your
knife cut off a piece it's you know
because this thing rolls around a lot
it's nice to cut a wedge so that now
your carrot will just sit solid and it's
not going to roll around on you and that
piece you cut off you can just do some
real fine chopping on it and get real
nice thin pieces you want your pieces
thin I think now let's move on to the
cucumber I like to peel mine again this
one's organic but I still I still want
to peel it so go ahead and peel your
your cucumber now here you want them to
fit into your rice paper so you might
want to cut this into thirds just to be
sure and then I'm going to cut it in
half and I'm just going to cut very thin
pieces if you don't like the seeds you
can leave those out it doesn't bother me
so I leave them in the other option is
to use the peeler like we did with the
carrots we'll break it up into small
little threads like that if you like
that it just depends on how you want it
to be and whatever's easier for you now
for the lettuce you know I told you I
wasn't going to use the the very crunchy
part of the leaves so I'm just going to
tear off the softer part into pieces
I'll just be able to lay that into the
spring roll next we have the basil so
with the basil I'm just going to tear
the leaves into small pieces that way I
can just kind of spread this out I don't
want a big
an entire leaf in one spot I'd like to
just kind of put little pieces across it
and our last thing is the cilantro so
this I'm pretty much just going to leave
it just tear off a little bit and place
it on your spring roll so we got a bunch
there okay so now we're ready to start
making spring rolls so what I have here
is I have a pie plate filled with some
water and it's just lukewarm water and I
have one let's see I got one of the rice
papers so I'm going to place it into the
water and I'm only going to place one at
a time we're only going to make one at a
time okay
and we're going to leave it in here I'm
just going to keep my hands in here
because I can feel it getting soft now
right now it's still you know you can
even hear it it's not soft enough yet so
I want to show you what that looks like
probably takes a you know 20 seconds or
so I'm not sure okay I think we're ready
lay it down here on the cutting board
and spread it out as best you can
it's hard to see right now I don't know
if you can see it but it's pretty
transparent here on the board now the
first thing you put down is what's going
to be the most noticeable so I want to
put down some shrimp first so that that
will be seen okay so I'll just put a few
across just like that and then I'll
probably add all maybe a little bit of
carrot sprinkle it across you don't want
to make it too big because you get a lot
of things to add put some of the cukes
down like that and we have the
vermicelli plate everything goes
directly across it's just like building
a burrito here's a little onion and a
little bit of basil a little bit of
cilantro if you don't like cilantro guys
just leave it out you can do parsley you
could even do mint mint is really nice
too so you can play with this and like I
said you can put anything you want in
these things now some lettuce I was even
thinking about putting
some nuts in here I think nuts would be
really nice okay so that's that part
alright so now I'm going to fold it up
so I'm going to pick it pick up the skin
here and you want it to be tight so I'm
going to tuck it in tight okay and roll
it over and once you make a roll over
now you can do the edges fold the edges
in that keeps them nice and tight fold
in the other one and then you can
continue to roll it up alright just like
that pretty simple right and then I'll
just set this over here on my plate so
that's all there is to making spring
rolls pretty simple and pretty flexible
dish and you can add like I said
anything you want to put in there I'm
going to go ahead and take a little
taste I'm getting kind of hungry dip
some of that into the sauce what a
delicious healthy thing to eat guys I
hope you'll try this and I hope this
helps you out you know how to fold them
and how to do it so if you enjoyed this
video please give me a thumbs up and
share it on Facebook and Pinterest if
you like thanks for watching be sure to
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already I'll be coming out with new
videos every week and I want to thank
you for being here all right we'll see
you next time bye
hi everyone I'm rockin Robin and today
I'm going to show you how to make my
shrimp asparagus pasta salad now this is
a cold pasta dish made with fresh
ingredients we're going to be using some
fresh basil and garlic and Parmesan
cheese and a few other things